Well, you are really my good granddaughter,
Take him with me and take care of him!
Back to Su Police!
Let me start by saying that if you make the body clan angry, I will feel bad for you!
Sister Shu Kuai, I won’t take you to find a job yet.
Besides being happy, I'll help you get some energy quickly.
I stopped laughing.
Grandma, I am Fajie and I must calm down.
I really dare not forget to speak in front of my grandfather.
In life, there are always some responsibilities that cannot be shied away from.
Even the Son God knows,
Stop talking and die, grandma.
They will definitely beg you to come back. Please tell me.
Do you still know how to speak?
What day would this be?
I beg you when you come back.